Assignment 01 Understanding Data Types


 1. What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?
string    A person’s telephone number
float A person’s height
int A person’s age
enum A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer)
decimal A person’s salary
string A book’s ISBN
decimal A book’s price
double A book’s shipping weight
long A country’s population
BigInteger The number of stars in the universe
BigInteger The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)


2. What the diff between value type and reference type variables? What's boxing and unboxing?
Difference between value type and reference type
    (1) value type will directly hold the value while the reference type will hold the memory address or reference for this value.
    (2) value types are stored in stack memory and reference types are stored in heap.
    (3)value type will not be collected by garbage collector but reference type will be collected by the garbage collactor.
    (4) value types can be created by struct, enum while reference type can be created by class, interface, delegate or array
    (5)value type can no accept any null values while reference types can accept null values.
Boxing and unBoxing
Boxing: Convert value type to reference type
UnBoxing: Convert reference type to value type

3.What's meat by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET?
    In.NET, managed resources are those that are handled by the .NET runtime's garbage collector, such as memory and objects, while unmanaged resources are not, including file handles and database connections.

4.What's the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
    The purpose of the Garbage Collector in .NET is to automatically manage memory by reclaiming unused object space to prevent memory leaks and optimize application performance.






Controlling Flow and Converting Types
1.What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
report an error which called "Division by constant zero"

2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
it has output, it's inifinity

3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its range?
 we can do int x = 2147483647, and x = x+ 1, the print x. the result shows negitive number. That's data overflow.

4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
 y ++ will give the original value of y to x first then y = y + 1; but the ++ y will increment 1 on y first then convey the current value of y to x.

5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop statement?
 break: immediately exits the loop
 continue: skip the remaincode and gointo the next iteration of the loop
 return exits not only the loop but also the entire method

6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
 initializtion: executed once before the loop starts. used for declare the loop
 condition: used to check before the execution of the loop on each iteration
 iteration: part for executed and update the iteration variable.

7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
 = is used to assign the value on its right to the variable on its left.
 == is used to compare two values for equality.

8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
it cannot be compiled because ; end the parentesis

9.What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
In a switch expression in C#, the underscore _ is used as a discard, acting as a catch-all pattern that matches any value not matched by previous case patterns

10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach statement?
An object must implement the IEnumerable interface




Assignment 2 Arrays and Strings

1.When to use String vs. StringBuilder in C# ?
Because String is Immutable and StringBuilder is mutabel. So if user want to change the element in String they may want to use StringBuilder

2. What is the base class for all arrays in C#?
 base class for all arrays is System.Array

3.How do you sort an array in C#?
  Array.Sort();

4.What property of an array object can be used to get the total number of elements in an array?
  Length

5. Can you store multiple data types in System.Array?
 No

6. What’s the difference between the System.Array.CopyTo() and System.Array.Clone()?
 CopyTo : copies the elements of the array to another exisitng array starting at a specidifed index.
 Clone: will create a new array containing all the elements of the original array